Adding a distribution section to the JEP JEP and small tweaks (#38)
jupyter/enhancement-proposals: 29-jep-process/README.md

   2. Suggested review team (optional)

   3. Why it should be a JEP

   4. 1. See the “JEP / Not-a-JEP Rubric” below.
3. A *Shepherd* is identified to see the process through. (Shepherds are assigned on a round-robin basis from a set of interested engaged volunteers).
4. A number is assigned to the JEP to track it through the rest of the process.

Outcome:

> The Shepard decides if the JEP criteria have been met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sheperd decides if the JEP criteria have been met.
```

Author: lol shepherd is one of those words I have been misspelling for decades

**Principles to follow**

Below are a few example guidelines to follow when deciding if an idea should include
a JEP (If yes, it requires a JEP). Under each question is a relevant example proposal.

- Does the proposal/implementation require PRs across multiple orgs?
  - Defining a unique cell identifier
- Does the proposal/implementation PR impact multiple orgs, or have widespread community impact?
  - Updating nbformat
- Does the proposal/implementation change an invariant in one or more orgs?
  - Defining a unique cell identifier
  - Deferred kernel startup
- Does the proposal/implementation create a new concept that will impact multiple repositories?
  - Sandboxed cell outputs
- Does the proposal involve creating a new repository or subproject?

## Distribution

This section describes how information about the JEP process (e.g., new JEPs, updates to

> current JEPs, etc) is communicated to the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current JEPs, etc) is communicated to the community.

Note: This JEP repo is the **canonical "source of truth"** for individual JEPs, the JEP process, and activity on JEPs. 
```

### The JEP public archive website

> A list of all current JEPs and the content present in the pull request exists at

Reviewer: The JEP itself should be self contained for relevant links to discussions. At a minimum the website should have a reader-friendly version of JEPs.

I would clarify that the JEP itself, not the website, contains this information. The JEPs can be displayed to provide the community easier navigation and access to the information contained in the JEP repo.

the JEP text, all relevant metadata about the JEP, and links to PRs and issues
for the JEP. When a JEP enters into a final state (e.g., "Completed",
"Withdrawn", "Rejected"), it is added to this website.

## Glossary

- **Jupyter Enhancement Proposal (JEP)**: A written document that describes a proposed unit of significant work on Jupyter.

> - **Contributor**: The person who is submitting the JEP, and might but not necessarily also have intention on organizing the implementation if so approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contributor**: The person (or persons) who is submitting the JEP. The implementation of a JEP may be done by others if so approved.
```

> - **Shepherd**: A senior Jupyter contributor that manages the pre-proposal, submission, review, approval process of a JEP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shepherd**: A senior Jupyter contributor who guides the **JEP Contributor** through the pre-proposal, submission, review, approval process of a JEP.
```

> - **Review Team (RT)**: A group of Jupyter contributors, with expertise in a particular area of the project that reviews and approves JEPs related to that area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Review Team (RT)**: A group of Jupyter contributors, with expertise in a particular area of the project, that reviews JEPs related to that area.
```

> - **Final Comment Period (FCP)**: A finite-time, post-approval period for the community to make final comments.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be **pre-approval** so that folks have a window of time to comment prior to JEP acceptance.
